update several document related to privilege sql statement (#2828)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-create-user.md

## Examples

> Create a user with password `newuserpassword`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a user with the `newuserpassword` password.
```

```sql
mysql> CREATE USER 'newuser' IDENTIFIED BY 'newuserpassword';
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.04 sec)
```

> Create a user which could only be login at `192.168.1.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a user who can only log in to `192.168.1.1`.
```

```sql
mysql> CREATE USER 'newuser2'@'192.168.1.1' IDENTIFIED BY 'newuserpassword';
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.02 sec)
```

Create a user which enforce using TLS connection.

```sql
CREATE USER 'newuser3'@'%' REQUIRE SSL IDENTIFIED BY 'newuserpassword';
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.02 sec)
``` 

Create a user which require X.509 certificate at login.

```sql
CREATE USER 'newuser4'@'%' REQUIRE ISSUER '/C=US/ST=California/L=San Francisco/O=PingCAP' IDENTIFIED BY 'newuserpassword';
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.02 sec)
```

## MySQL compatibility

> * Several of the `CREATE` options are not yet supported by TiDB, and will be parsed but ignored.
> * TiDB don't support `WITH MAX_QUERIES_PER_HOUR`, `WITH MAX_UPDATES_PER_HOUR`, `WITH MAX_USER_CONNECTIONS` in `CREATE USER`.
> * TiDB don't support `DEFAULT ROLE` option.
> * TiDB don't support `PASSWORD EXPIRE`, `PASSWORD HISTORY` or other options related to password.
> * TiDB don't support  `ACCOUNT LOCK`, `ACCOUNT UNLOCK` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following `CREATE USER` options are not yet supported by TiDB, and will be parsed but ignored:

* TiDB does not support `WITH MAX_QUERIES_PER_HOUR`, `WITH MAX_UPDATES_PER_HOUR`, and `WITH MAX_USER_CONNECTIONS` options.
* TiDB does not support the `DEFAULT ROLE` option.
* TiDB does not support `PASSWORD EXPIRE`, `PASSWORD HISTORY` or other options related to password.
* TiDB does not support the `ACCOUNT LOCK` and `ACCOUNT UNLOCK` options.
```
